                    SOFTWARE DISTRIBUTION LICENSE FOR THE 
                     ETHERNET/IP(TM) COMMUNICATION STACK 
                         (ADAPTED BSD STYLE LICENSE)   

Copyright (c) 2009, Rockwell Automation, Inc. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
EtherNet/IP is a trademark of ODVA, Inc.

Redistribution of the Communications Stack Software for EtherNet/IP and use in 
source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided 
that the following conditions are met:

Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright and trademark 
notices, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the 
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or 
other materials provided with the distribution.

Neither the name of Rockwell Automation, ODVA, nor the names of its 
contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this 
software without specific prior written permission from the respective owners.

The Communications Stack Software for EtherNet/IP, or any portion thereof, with
or without modifications, may be incorporated into products for sale.  However,
the software does not, by itself, convey any right to make, have made, use, 
import, offer to sell, sell, lease, market, or otherwise distribute or dispose 
of any products that implement this software, which products might be covered 
by valid patents or copyrights of ODVA, Inc., its members or other licensors 
nor does this software result in any license to use the EtherNet/IP mark owned 
by ODVA. To make, have made, use, import, offer to sell, sell, lease, market, 
or otherwise distribute or dispose of any products that implement this software, 
and to use the EtherNet/IP mark, one must obtain the necessary license from 
ODVA through its Terms of Usage Agreement for the EtherNet/IP technology, 
available through the ODVA web site at www.odva.org. This license requirement 
applies equally (a) to devices that completely implement ODVA's Final 
Specification for EtherNet/IP (“Network Devices”), (b) to components of such 
Network Devices to the extent they implement portions of the Final 
Specification for EtherNet/IP, and (c) to enabling technology products, such as
any other EtherNet/IP or other network protocol stack designed for use in 
Network Devices to the extent they implement portions of the Final 
Specification for EtherNet/IP. Persons or entities who are not already licensed
for the EtherNet/IP technology must contact ODVA for a Terms of Usage Agreement.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED 
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE 
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; 
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON 
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT 
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS 
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

